Packaging - Document new `license_url` property (#2764)
YunoHost/doc: docs/dev/50.packaging/10.manifest.mdx

```toml
[upstream]
license = "WTFPL"
license_url = ...
website = "https://www.hello-world.com/"
code = "https://github.com/octocat/Hello-World"
demo = ...
admindoc = ...
userdoc = ...
```

> - `license` (`str`) : the license code of the *upstream* project. (Note that only apps based on free software will be accepted in the official YunoHost app catalog.). The license code should be [a valid SPDX identified](https://spdx.org/licenses/). In case there is no corresponding license in SPDX's list, then you can use the most appropriate short name/acronym you can think of for the given license and link to the license file using the `license_url` property documented below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `license` (`str`) : the license identifier of the *upstream* project. (Note that only apps based on free software will be accepted in the official YunoHost app catalog). The license code should be:
    - [a valid SPDX identifier](https://spdx.org/licenses/).
    - if there is no corresponding license in SPDX's list, then you can start the identifier with `LicenseRef-` followed by the most appropriate short name/acronym you can think of for the given license, as described in the [SPDX documentation](https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v3.0.1/annexes/spdx-license-expressions/). You must then link to the license file using the `license_url` property documented below.
```
